One-two-three-four-five... four, three, two, one 
 When I get back from hell again 
 I'm gonna be so elegant 
 The relevance of my benevolence is evident 
 I'm sentimental 
 Oh no, I mean I'm said to be mental 
 When I don't get what I want 
 I find it's hard just to be gentle 
 Gentle? The rental of some self control 
 When you lose your mind 
 Is when you start to find your soul unfold 
 This morning when I woke up 
 All the thoughts that I had just broke up 
 Broken fragments of my dreams left me choked up 
 Distant memories I'd repressed all spoke up 
 Ooh fuck! 
 This was something that I wasn't expecting 
 My dreams solidified and started asking me questions 
 And the deeper I looked into their hate-filled eyes 
 I realised they were you, only in disguise 
 So I jumped to my feet 
 How the fuck did I become so weak? 
 Too soon did I admit defeat 
 I grabbed a pen and start writing to the beat 
 And I wrote: 
 When I get back from hell again 
 I'm gonna be so elegant 
 The relevance of my benevolence is everything 
 As time went by 
 I realised you can't just drop out 
 But I'm telling you man 
 It's hard to block out 
 The sound that rebounds and resounds 
 And resounds again 
 Off the walls of my mind 
 'Cause I miss my... friend 
 But now I'm on a mission to mend 
 Everything that broke and make it glisten again 
 Strip down redesign construct and improve 
 While the rest procrastinate I'll be making my move 
 I hope in years to come I've elevated 
 But chances are I'll be inebriated 
 But that's cool 
 As long as my mind ain't sedated 
 And the things that I've learned 
 Haven't been erased and wasted 
 When you forget about the hand you're dealt 
 All that really matters is the things you've felt 
 So fuck it, bring on the good and bad times 
 If rapping don't work I'll start a band of mimes 
 When you forget about the hand you're dealt 
 All that really matters is the things you've felt 
 So fuck it, bring on the good and bad times 
 If rapping don't work I'll start a band of mimes 
 When I get back from hell again 
 I'm gonna be so elegant 
 The relevance of my benevolence is evident(Take a deep breath now, you might need to call upon it later) 
 I'm fit to fight 
 My name is Pip 
 If luck be a lady tonight 
 Then baby I'm all about the dick 
 No shit, nah 
 Not a bit of billy bullshit 
 If something ain't right 
 Then you probably shouldn't force it 
 Fire in your eye? 
 Take it to the bridge and torch it 
 Forthwit 
 This ain't a game changer 
 'Cause I ain't playing 
 I'm too old to feign danger 
 Shit, my hair is graying 
 Fuck your plain mangers 
 I was born in the rain 
 While a hoard of shamed strangers 
 Were calling my name 
 I'm Nicholas Cage 
 I could eat a beat for days 
 Retreat to seek the pace 
 Meet and greet the bass 
 Dress it up with words 
 Complete from feet to face 
 Secrete technique with grace 
 Defeating the need for haste 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of hero-hero-heroism 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of hero-hero-heroism 
 It's my endeavor to weather like good leather 
 You should never sever the pain, it's not clever 
 Call me anything you want Use any fucking letter 
 But please rest assured 
 I've been called worse by better 
 A fools worst endeavor 
 When false words are tethered 
 Is to run instead of just walk 
 Towards adverse weather 
 Measure the pleasure and pain till they're the same 
 And if ain't level pour it out and start it again 
 Consider me a little ploy to destroy and annoy 
 Your little ode to joy for the hoi polloi 
 Oy, it gets more dark 
 Than a rorschach blot mark 
 Read by an oligarch 
 On a fucking polygraph 
 Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha 
 They say you gotta laugh 
 Cover up your mental scars 
 With a little jolly mask 
 Put all your fears in a frown 
 And swallow them down 
 Like the tears of a clown 
 When no one's around 
 How you living like a piggie 
 In the middle of a ravine? 
 Trying to make your way out but you get 
 Stuck in the... 
 Is it... 
 Trying to make your way... 
 When you get... 
 Stuck in the... 
 It ain't about glass half full 
 Or glass half empty 
 Shut up and down what's left 
 Or fill that shit back up again, see 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of hero-hero-heroism 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of heroism 
 I dream of hero-hero-heroismThis is a letter, from God to Man, it says: 
 Hey There, how, how's it going? 
 Long time no see. 
 I know I haven't been around much lately 
 But... it didn't seem like you wanted me to be 
 The last time I sent down a message you nailed it to the cross 
 So I figured I'd just leave you to it, let you be your own boss 
 But I've been keeping an eye on you, I have, and it's amazing how you've grown. 
 With your technological advances and the problems you've overthrown, 
 And all the beautiful art you've created with such grace and such finesse, 
 But I admit there are a few things I'm afraid have impressed me less. 
 So I'm writing to apologize for all the horrors committed in my name, 
 Although that was never what I intended, I feel I should take my share of the blame. 
 All the good I tried to do was corrupted when all the religion got into full swing, 
 What I thought were quite clear messages were taken to unusual extremes. 
 My teachings taken out of context to meet the agendas of others, 
 Interpretations taken to many different ways and hidden meanings discovered 
 Religion became a tool, for the weak to control the strong 
 With all these new morals and ethics, survival of the fittest was gone 
 No longer could the biggest man simply take whatever he needed 
 'Cause damnation was the price if certain rules were not heeded 
 Some of the deeds committed in my name just made me wonder were I went wrong. 
 Back at the start when I created this, the foundation seemed so strong. 
 See all the elements were already here, long before I began, I just kind of put it all together 
 I didn't really think out a long-term plan. 
 I made the sun an appropriate distance and laid the stars across the sky 
 So you could navigate the globe or simply watch the sun rise 
 I covered the earth with plants and fruits, 
 Some for sustenance and some for beauty 
 I made the sun shine and the clouds rain so their maintenance wasn't your duty 
 I tried to give each creature its own attributes without making them enveloped 
 I gave you all you all your own space to grow and in your own way space to develop 
 I didn't know such development would cause rifts and jealousy 
 Cause you to war against each other and leave marks on this planet indelibly 
 You see, I wasn't really the creator, I was just the curator of nature 
 I want to get something straight with homosexuals right now: I don't hate ya 
 I was a simple being that happened to be the first to wield such powers 
 I just laid the ground, it was You that built the towers 
 It was You that invented bombs, and the fear that comes with them 
 And it was You that invented money, and the corrupt economic systems 
 You invented terms like just-war and terms like friendly fire 
 And it was You that didn't know when to stop digging deeper, when to stop building higher 
 It was You that exhausted the resources I carefully laid out on this earth, 
 And it was You that even saw these problems coming but accredited them little worth 
 It was You that used my teachings for your own personal gain 
 And it was You that committed such tragedies, even though they were in my name 
 So I apologize for any mistakes I made, and when my words misconstrued 
 But this apology's to mother nature, 'cause I created YOU"Underground intelligent hip hop development 
 Progression is our intent, ladies and gentlemen" 
 They say possession is nine tenths 
 Well we possess mind vents 
 To filter the rhymes sent 
 From deep down inside 
 Hence the precision and timing 
 Essential to rhyming 
 If you wish to pierce the cerebral lining 
 You see image is nothing 
 Imagination is everything 
 Is there anything you wear that's more important than what you think? 
 I think not... as I bump Aesop 
 Cruise to Herbie Hancock and fuckin' rock out with Snot 
 You wanna look for me? 
 I'll be in charity shops 
 I ain't buyin' my shirts 
 I'm buyin' my damn pants and socks 
 Bitch-what? 
 This shit's inside of me 
 I ain't riding the beat 
 It's the beat that is riding me 
 I ain't an alcoholic 
 I just drink a lot 
 And maybe I'm a genius 
 Or maybe I just think a lot 
 My intellect in retrospect compared to some... 
 "Ay yo Pip you know that second verse was all straight garbage?" 
 What you talkin' 'bout man it's not that bad... it was all right. 
 "I know what I'm talkin' 'bout. Give these fuckers something new!" 
 What am I supposed to do? What...? 
 "Come on man" 
 All right man, how about this? 
 I remember hearing Mos Def rhyme the alphabet 
 I just sat there in silence 
 As a sign of respect 
 I knew what I had to do 
 And that's what happened next 
 I rhymed the periodic table to stay one step ahead 
 See in the periodic table hydrogen is number one 
 'Cause hydrogen is what puts the shine in the sun 
 Through nuclear fusion and when it's done 
 It leaves element number two 
 Helium... helium is the second lightest gas that there is 
 So we use it in balloons we give to little kids 
 Then there's lithium often used to treat mental problems 
 Beryllium don't conduct electric currents, it stops them 
 Boron can be used to make things harden 
 And that smoke that's coming out of your exhaust, carbon 
 Carbon is arguably the most important element 
 And nitrogen in the air is almost eighty percent 
 The rest of the air is mainly oxygen 
 And fluorine is the lightest of the halogens 
 OK that's enough teaching 
 I ain't trying to bore ya 
 I'm just trying to be a positive role model for ya 
 'Cause in my town I'm blessed with many role models 
 So many that sometimes the mind just boggles 
 See KRS is my teacher 
 Slick Rick's my ruler 
 Chuck D's my preach' 
 I'm just a preschooler 
 I've still got growing to do though 
 I ain't trying to fool ya 
 But compared to all the other kids in my class 
 I'm much taller 
 I'm much tallerRappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look... 
 Gold Silver Platinum Diamnonds find them to hang from your appendages 
 Accessories like Christmas trees - fuck when December is! 
 Buck every trend there is, duck the expenditures 
 If you can't afford it find a sucker that will lend you his 
 And heck yes! That's such a pretty necklace 
 My sister's got that very same pendant (sexless) 
 Ring-filled fingers can't bend them (excess) 
 Five credit cards to get your spend on (reckless) 
 Twenty-four carats straight dangled from your stick neck 
 Fell for the sales pitch, signed off a thick cheque 
 Mad store credit, more charge than a triceratops 
 You got more rocks than prosper son 
 You own a fucking jewellery box! 
 Watch drowned in girl's very best friends (diamonds) 
 Dressed head to toe by Jimmy Saville Row's best (designers) 
 Timeless and look you can't decipher what the time is 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Ra-ra-ra-ra-ra-ra Ra-ra-ra-ra-ra- Ra-ra-ra-ra-ra- Ra-ra-ra-ra-ra- 
 Rapppers Rappers wear rap-ra-ra-ra-ra rap-ra-ra-ra-ra rap-ra-ra-ra-ra rap-ra-ra-ra-ra 
 G-G-Getting dressed and flexing in recession best in bullshit getups 
 Gawkish walkers smorgasbord of tawdry gawdry Argos setups 
 Fetch the etch-asketch and get encrusted that's the shit I dream up 
 Fix that bitch with 66 [?] Swarovskis that I just picked up 
 Gold teeth? All right fair play, that does look kinda dope 
 Bond villain crossed with Sunday morning gold-adorning pope 
 The CEO of Cash4Gold monitors your output 
 Where the fuck you buy a gold-plated fat Albert? 
 Distract and detract from your skills? They may be questionable 
 It's all ostensible, when what you spit's respectable that shit's dispensable 
 You really need it hanging is tits or testicles 
 I support witty and gritty and intricately performed raps 
 You look pretty but the gist of your bars are shitty 
 So shut the fuck up! (heh!) 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look pretty 
 Rappers wear bling 'cause they wanna look prettyPip: 
 This democracy? 
 I think I'm sick of it 
 Constantly politicking chicken shit liberalists 
 If that sounds harsh it's fucking meant to, live with it 
 Heart full of fire little drizzle to extinguish it 
 See the evil, hear the evil, talk a lot of bullshit 
 Complain about their ways but still support it 
 I heard a revolution's coming better baton down your bandwidth 
 Make stands from ya laptop and then finish off your sandwich 
 But oh shit, this isn't just a Twitter campaign 
 We gonna take to the streets, the man will know our names 
 But every protest is authorised. Cleared and sanctioned 
 So is that a protest or just a pleasant little gathering 
 Two million marched against a war and then what did they do? 
 Complained that no one listened, man there's two million of you 
 And all those mad about the fact you didn't vote for our leaders 
 Your solution is to wait and vote again? Fucking genius 
 That stiff upper lip shit? Man that was good marketing 
 Make man's trait to "never complain", remove the spark from him 
 Charming little phrase for emotionally retarding him 
 Hold it down son feel your darkened heart hardening 
 Fuck your stiff upper lip, pick up a brick 
 And if the crime fits then fucking do something with it 
 Itch: 
 Listen 
 It's a British tradition an orange camper van 
 Used to staple sheets up to walls battle plans 
 From J18 yeah we had 'em man 
 Back to cable street: no pasaran 
 Run them out our crew's quicker than the news 
 Where the need for speed beat the need for truth 
 Direct action in your fucking face 
 Not throwing all your hope into cyber space and 
 Tracking your trouble, trickology tracing you 
 Tracking the chatter no matter the clatter basic truths 
 Tricking the cheater, chuck the case and then be chasing you 
 That's what's facing you 
 It's ok to have your own point of view 
 And not just quote other people when you try to argue 
 Can we save the youth from our stiff upper lip 
 And stop them quoting Russell Brand, me and Pip 
 They don't care bout your situation 
 They just wanna grab your information 
 That's why I don't like Facebook groups 
 I like to group up and chase them chooks 
 Retina scanners, closed circuit cameras 
 I wear bandanas on my face and hood 
 A retweet's just a retreat damn 
 When a brick through a window's worth 2 in the hand 
 Fuck your stiff upper lip, pick up a brick 
 And if the crime fits then fucking do something with itFell in love with a boy from the city 
 I fell in love with a girl from the city 
 Still got cauliflower ears from when her voice first hit me 
 And a swollen lip, from when her lyrics first kissed me 
 As I went to pull away ever so gently bit me 
 Within those three days it gets no better 
 We were inseparable; no one could seper- 
 -Rate us make us question our status 
 It was like someone, somehow found a way to syncopate us 
 And it'll stay that way forever, in my mind that is 
 'Cause it was a stolen three days and a stolen kiss 
 And although those three days I sorely miss 
 I own those three days when I write like this 
 I fell in love with a girl from the city 
 You're all I want, you're all I need 
 You are the one for me 
 You hold me close, you hold me near 
 You are the one for me 
 The pain I feel when you leave 
 You are the one for me 
 You're all I want and all I see 
 You are the one for me 
 Fell in love with a boy from the city 
 I fell in love with a girl from the city 
 Still got cauliflower ears from when her voice first hit me 
 And a swollen lip, from when her lyrics first kissed me 
 And when I went to pull away ever so gently bit me 
 I still hear her sometimes but it's not the same 
 Like when you get a pen and pad and write your name 
 Over and over and over again 
 Although it hasn't, in the end it somehow seems to change 
 But I feel right now I must stress 
 That I write this with a smile on my face and nothing less 
 'Cause when I think about the times we waste on regrets 
 I realise for those three days I was blessed 
 I fell in love with a girl from the cityI know it sounds weird 
 I do want you to look back on this and smile but 
 I kinda want that smile to be through tears 
 I ain't shoutin at ya - I'm shouting to ya 
 Hello darkness (my old friend) let's turn you into filthy lucre 
 And suture wounds and tumors with dark humor mixed with hubris 
 In lieu of future suitors with a blast of nasty rumors 
 Seems the light at the end of the tunnel was a fire 
 Now I'm choking on the smoke in my lungs, I'm so tired 
 But I can't go to sleep with a mind that's so wired 
 You call that shit depression - I call it inspired 
 Talk is cheap when you speak the weak prose you're throwing 
 You're just a sheep in a wolf-in-sheep's-clothing's clothing 
 And the holes ain't closing, just exposing goatskin 
 This corrosion shows you can't control the motion 
 Shit, the romance is dead? Blame the hopeless romantics 
 Resigned to hopelessness their romantic plans with sycophantics 
 So I won't put the nice things we do on YouTube 
 Don't need the world the world to love me - I just need you to 
 The world don't revolve around you but it should 
 I ain't saying you're perfect, but you're really really good 
 Ain't saying I love ya but I probably could 
 Have 
 I thought it was love but I was wrong 
 Tortured a dove just to prove Prince wrong - I love that song 
 I guess you broke my heart but it kinda needed breaking 
 And the grating exasperatings hating's already dissipating 
 "Love... it's a weird thing ain't it?" You're fucking right it is 
 Enlightened by the disquiet sight, I kinda like this shit 
 We fall in love with that which we project on each other 
 Then settle for reality or just reject one another 
 So I respect the motherfucker that reflects upon their lover 
 And then lets them walk away or resurrects and recovers 
 Way more than I respect those that just close up the shutters 
 And ignore the shitty shell within which both of them suffers 
 I wore my heart on my sleeve and you stole my fucking shirt 
 But go ahead and wear that shit - happiness of the absurd 
 These words divert the hurt and send me soundly to sleep 
 But every word I wrote I meant so fucking read 'em and weepI have been experiencing some unusual path of thinking 
 On a night of public drinking I have found I am picturing 
 All these different people in a state of undress equal 
 To that of Adam and Eve I believe this is not a sexual thing 
 'Cause I picture men and women in just the skin they were born in 
 It removes their identities and lets me see the entities 
 That I believe their parents see without being obscured by the 
 Costumes that we wera to be a part of this society 
 The skinhead in the Millwall shirt is as susceptible to hurt 
 As any individual both mental and the physical 
 Mankind is so cynical and clinical it's difficult to strip away the visible 
 And envisage the residual not exactly typical 
 But kinda prototypical removing the pontifical 
 External inadmissible mask of the municipal 
 Discarded for the visceral I swear this is permissible in principle 
 You're a big man and you're way to loud 
 But deep down your mothers still proud of, you 
 But when you strip down and you lose that shroud 
 You're still the same kid that cried on the way to, school 
 One seems to me to be a solitary sum 
 When referring to yourself it's an affront 
 To the complexities invested in the chest of these receptacles acceptably presented first as young 
 And many guises are revised as we get old 
 And many lies through each disguise is somehow told 
 To ignite a right of flight despite the might of the contrite we fight inside of out minds to somehow have a hold 
 Ff the image we present unto the world 
 But beneath this we're still boys and we're still girls 
 Not exempt of the resent when we lament upon events that tend to bend and dent the style 
 Used to beguile 
 So concerned with what is learned just from out style 
 But when strip and rip it down to just a smile 
 Then you're left with just the depth within the naturally constructed from just like when you were born 
 You're a big man and you're way to loud 
 But deep down your mothers still proud of, you 
 But when you strip down and you lose that shroud 
 You're still the same kid that cried on the way to, schoolImagine a song, that really reached out and touched kids, 
 And not in a Daily Mail way, innocence corrupted, 
 But in a way where criticism remained constructive, 
 And wasn't too politicised and children weren't instructed, 
 To behave in a way that was unrealistic, 
 Or made out the way they live was somehow sick and twisted, 
 But simply pointed out reasons to get it together, 
 Not shouting "get a job", but just saying, 
 Get better, get better, get better, get better, 
 Get better, get better, get, 
 Get better, get better, get better, get better, 
 Get better, 
 Get better, 
 Get better, get better, get better, 
 Get better, get better, get, 
 Get better, get better, get better, 
 Get better, 
 You see the young mother capital is where I live, 
 Little kids being raised by slightly bigger kids, 
 Society seems unphased that this is how it is, 
 While I'm constantly amazed that this is how it is, 
 They confuse love at first sight with lust at first light, 
 It must have hurt right when trust first took flight, 
 You're young, you've no rights, you long for new heights, 
 But some of those nights leave more than love bites, 
 Tops cropped, skirts stop at the top of their thighs, 
 And the boys got that hungry look in their eyes, 
 They wanna be grown up and have respect you see, 
 But they're acting uneducated sexually, 
 I ain't saying' be celibate, 
 Go out and have your fun, 
 But there's plenty you can do without impregnation, 
 And there ain't nothing wrong at all with having children, 
 Just build yourself a little before you try to build them, 
 And, 
 I see small town syndrome growing in size, 
 There's not a lot to do, so the kids they decide, 
 To get drunk every night, a glazed eyes disguise, 
 Do drugs every night, tired from their lives, 
 People getting off their faces for a quiet night in, 
 Kids rolling around the streets rowing and fighting, 
 But it's all just because life ain't too exciting, 
 And it's easier than trying to do the right thing, 
 But there are other choices --- if you want them, 
 You don't have to tow the line and just float with the flotsam, 
 You can build your time better when you find a passion, 
 The Internet and public services give free education, 
 So it really ain't a case of rich or poor, 
 It's a case of self-motivation and nothing more, 
 Like Billy says, whether you have or you have not wealth, 
 The system might fail you, but don't fail yourself, 
 Just,Thou shalt not steal if there is a direct victim 
 Thou shalt not worship Pop Idols or follow Lostprophets 
 Thou shalt not take the names of Johnny Cash, Joe Strummer, Johnny Hartman, Desmond Dekker, Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix or Syd Barrett in vain 
 Thou shalt not think any male over the age of 30 that plays with a child that is not their own is a paedophile. Some people are just nice 
 Thou shalt not read NME 
 Thou shalt not stop liking a band just because they've become popular 
 Thou shalt not question Stephen Fry 
 Thou shalt not judge a book by its cover 
 Thou shalt not judge Lethal Weapon by Danny Glover 
 Thou shalt not buy Coca-Cola products 
 Thou shalt not buy Nestlé products 
 Thou shalt not go into the woods with your boyfriend's best friend, take drugs and cheat on him 
 Thou shalt not fall in love so easily 
 Thou shalt not use poetry, art or music to get into girls' pants. Use it to get into their heads 
 Thou shalt not watch Hollyoaks 
 Thou shalt not attend an open mic and leave as soon as you've done your shitty little poem or song you self-righteous prick 
 Thou shalt not return to the same club or bar week in, week out just 'cause you once saw a girl there that you fancied that you're never gonna fucking talk to 
 Thou shalt not put musicians and recording artists on ridiculous pedestals no matter how great they are or were 
 The Beatles: Were just a band 
 Led Zeppelin: Just a band 
 The Beach Boys: Just a band 
 The Sex Pistols: Just a band 
 The Clash: Just a band 
 Crass: Just a band 
 Minor Threat: Just a band 
 The Cure: Were just a band 
 The Smiths: Just a band 
 Nirvana: Just a band 
 The Pixies: Just a band 
 Oasis: Just a band 
 Radiohead: Just a band 
 Bloc Party: Just a band 
 The Arctic Monkeys: Just a band 
 The next big thing... Just a band 
 Thou shalt give equal worth to tragedies that occur in non-English speaking countries as to those that occur in English speaking countries 
 Thou shalt remember that guns, bitches and bling were never part of the four elements and never will be 
 Thou shalt not make repetitive generic music, thou shalt not make repetitive generic music, thou shalt not make repetitive generic music, thou shalt not make repetitive generic music 
 Thou shalt not pimp my ride 
 Thou shalt not scream if you wanna go faster 
 Thou shalt not move to the sound of the wickedness 
 Thou shalt not make some noise for Detroit 
 When I say "Hey" thou shalt not say "Ho" 
 When I say "Hip" thou shalt not say "Hop" 
 When I say, he say, she say, we say, make some noise - kill me 
 Ah, I forgot where I was, hang on 
 Thou shalt not quote me happy 
 Thou shalt not shake it like a Polaroid picture 
 Thou shalt not wish your girlfriend was a freak like me 
 Thou shalt spell the word "Pheonix" P-H-E-O-N-I-X, not P-H-O-E-N-I-X, regardless of what the Oxford English Dictionary tells you 
 Thou shalt not express your shock at the fact that Sharon got off with Brad at a club last night by saying "Izzit" 
 Thou shalt think for yourselves 
 And thou shalt always... 
 Thou shalt always killEach night she lays quivering, shivering here, 
 Asking why she keeps forgiving him, hidden in fear. 
 At work she has a glistening, driven career, 
 But at home, with one swing of the fist, it disappears [X2] 
 She dreams of different ways to break from under his noose. 
 It's one thing to see a path, but it's another to choose it; 
 It's one thing to want to run, but it's another to do it; 
 It's one thing to buy a gun, but it's another to use it. 
 But buy a gun she did, and it made her feel good; 
 She told herself if she really had to use it, she would. 
 The next night, drunk at the end of the bed he stood. 
 She said she'd take it no more and she prayed he understood. 
 But he didn't take to kindly to being put in his place; 
 She fled after the first blow and of course he gave chase. 
 She sat hunched, holding a gun, praying she wasn't pursued, 
 But when the door swung a route, he found her to shoot. 
 She watched in awe as his power cascaded on the floor. 
 It wasn't long before police came bursting through the door, 
 In store, a new prison, enforced by the law, 
 And she let out a whisper with the strength of a roar. 
 For the bad times, I wish you'd just admit and 
 Never cast a shadow across my bed; 
 But for the good times, I wish you five minutes 
 In heaven before the devil knows you're dead. [X2] 
 Each night she lays quivering, shivering there. 
 I wonder how we came to live in unforgiving despair. 
 I find myself given the delivering stares, 
 As the smell of Glenfiddich starts sieving the air. [X2] 
 As the bullet flew towards me I swear time stood still. 
 I felt every single emotion that a man could feel; 
 How did I get here? How could this even be real? 
 How could I become a person that a loved one could kill? 
 It wasn't always this way; I once saw love in those eyes 
 That now just despise and chastise all my lies, 
 My sarcastic replies, each new drunken guise, 
 And first of all these heavy hands which surmised her demise. 
 There was a time when we never thought the honeymoon would end; 
 She was my wife, my lover, confident and my friend, 
 But it seems these days, happiness can depend 
 On financial stability and the need to contend. 
 But I make no excuse; I let it get this way. 
 Other people live their lives on the minimum wage, 
 I was the one that couldn't cope and let it turn to rage; 
 Now I'm looking down the barrel, playing against the game. 
 For the bad times, I cannot be acquitted or 
 Let off as the bullet enters my head. 
 But for the good times, I wish for 5 minutes in 
 Heaven before the devil knows I'm dead. [X2] 
 Before the devil knows I'm dead.In recent year there's been a lot of pop acts singing about being beautiful or someone or something being beautiful. Now, I know this ain't a new thing but it just feels as if these people don't really know what beauty is and by bandying it around so often it starts to lose all meaning and worth. 
 You see "beauty" and "beautiful" are powerful words. 
 It's more than just a physical thing. 
 It's more than just a nice pair of tits. 
 Bring the beat in and let me tell them what I think beauty is... 
 Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, 
 I was lucky enough to be near her so I told her. 
 Funnily enough I missed the freckles on her shoulder, 
 And that even on the hottest of nights her skin was colder. [x2] 
 Now for me to get my definition of beauty across to ya 
 I must request your attention for the immediate future 
 It won't take so long as to put you in a catatonic stupor 
 As I present my case study example: Tommy Cooper. 
 If you haven't heard of Tommy I'll do my best to explain. 
 Tommy Cooper was in the entertainment game 
 Every granddad in Britain can do a Tommy Cooper impression 
 With a selection of gags, hand movements and facial expressions 
 His uniform was a suit and a red fez hat 
 He would combine jokes and magic tricks "just like that" 
 He'd drift between the two with the most cack handed transition 
 He was two part comedian and one part magician 
 Mistakes and mess-ups were a bit part of his show 
 Which were real and which were planned only he would know 
 If he messed up or a certain joke bombed 
 He would start laughing at himself and soon the laughs would catch on 
 See Tommy gave no regard to class or grace 
 His only goal was to put a smile on every single face 
 All his life Tommy lived to just make people laugh 
 Whether onstage or at home he would just be acting daft 
 Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, 
 I was lucky enough to be near her so I told her. 
 Funnily enough I missed the freckles on her shoulder, 
 And that even on the hottest of nights her skin was colder. [x2] 
 Whether it appropriate or not become somehow unconnected 
 Because making people laugh was his only objective 
 But there's one thing in life no man can avoid 
 This thing will leave the hearts of loved ones empty and void. 
 Death will ALWAYS cause hurt and pain 
 It can take weeks before a smile is on your face again 
 Sure where reminiscing there can be great happiness 
 But at the immediate time there's just searing pain and nothing less. 
 On April 15th, 1984 
 The London Pallaium was the scene of Tommy's show once more 
 It was a full house and he had the crowd eating out of his hand. 
 Everything, as usual, seemed completely unplanned 
 And in what seemed like a finale Tommy dropped to the floor 
 Causing the room to erupt into laughter and applause 
 The curtain closed, lights went out and there was no encore 
 Everybody left their seats and headed for the door 
 Unbeknownst to them they had witness Tommy Cooper's death 
 He had given his all until he had nothing left 
 Now please note that at the moment that this entertainer died 
 Even with a room full of people not one tear was cried 
 Much less, they rose to their feet and they laughed and clapped 
 Now tell me one fucking thing that's more beautiful than that... 
 'Cause I'm sure I can't think of one. 
 Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, 
 I was lucky enough to be near her so I told her. 
 Funnily enough I missed the freckles on her shoulder, 
 And that even on the hottest of nights her skin was colder. [x4]I'm close I'm close I'm there! 
 With 10 seconds to spare 
 And now I'm checking for chairs below the threatening stares 
 I've got my ticket, my fare 
 Now there's sick in the air 
 On the last train home, yo I don't wanna be there. 
 I'll just pretend I'm on my phone son 
 Tall, dark and lonesome 
 Fools spark explosions 
 Drool marks their clothes on this mechanical Trojan 
 This journey is no fun 
 Keep myself to myself to get through this home run 
 And it's the same every time 
 Which plays on my mind 
 I pray times will find 
 Escape from this grind 
 But fate seems inclined 
 To make this a sign 
 Maybe I should've stayed home tonight. 
 There ain't no luck in sight 
 Young mothers ruck 'n' fight 
 You think you hear disdain in my voice, you're motherfucking right 
 Carriage by carriage of disparaging savages 
 Each passenger manages the maximum damages 
 On the last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 They're either stinking of weed or they're stinking of beer 
 They're being loud and obscene or they're sitting in tears 
 No no this ain't my scene, yo I don't wanna be here 
 On the last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 They're either stinking of weed or they're stinking of beer 
 They're being loud and obscene or they're sitting in tears 
 No no this ain't my scene, yo I don't wanna be here 
 City city boys in power suits suits 
 Try to impose their roles upon the group 
 They're drunk and looking to fuel some fear 
 It's times like this I wish I didn't have this beard 
 See the last train is more stressful than flying 
 Which ain't to relaxing for me, I ain't lying 
 Since 9/11 this beard ain't travelled well 
 Act calm in customs or you'll end up in a holding cell 
 "So Mr. "Pip" what's your reason for travelling today? 
 "Business?" 
 "Come this way please sir..." 
 And when they asked if I was Jihad I said no no no 
 My passport and my visa I did show show show 
 Maybe I'm a miserable guy 
 But everywhere I look I see things I despise 
 Nah, I swear I ain't a miserable guy 
 It's just everywhere I look I see glazed over eyes 
 And the girls, man they're worse than the boys 
 Ten times as rowdy, ten times the noise 
 What may have looked good under neon lighting 
 On the last train home just looks straight up frightening 
 'Cause all that glitters ain't platinum 
 It's just the smoke and mirrors that's distracting 'em 
 They may be fine on their own, but with a pack of them 
 They terrorize from Tilbury to Dagenham 
 So I just sit there in silence 
 The only way to avoid all the violence 
 Writing rhymes in my mind inspired by them 
 It's either that or stand up and fight them 
 Speak instead of holla 
 Lead instead of folla 
 I plead and I implore ya 
 To leave this drunken squalor 
 The choice is there before ya 
 So grab it by the collar 
 Ah fuck, here's my stop... 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 They're either stinking of weed or they're stinking of beer 
 They're being loud and obscene or they're sitting in tears 
 No no this ain't my scene, yo I don't wanna be here 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 They're either stinking of weed or they're stinking of beer 
 They're being loud and obscene or they're sitting in tears 
 No no this ain't my scene, yo I don't wanna be here 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 No no this ain't my scene, yo I don't wanna be here 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 Last train home and I don't wanna be here 
 No no this ain't my scene, yo I don't wanna be hereShe's had such a long day and work has been stressful 
 As she arrives home to me weary and restful 
 To relax her I lead her to lay on the bed 
 And remove all the clothes from her waist to her head 
 My thumbs gently kneed the base of her back 
 And my nails trace patterns not leaving a scratch 
 My hands plot a wandering route up her spine 
 Then onto her shoulders to help her unwind 
 I pray the emotion is taking effect 
 As I lay a kiss upon the nape of her neck 
 She rolls onto her back her eyes squinted and dreamy 
 As I gaze at her smile and the beauty beneath me 
 I gently lean forward presenting a kiss 
 Onto the lips so long I have missed 
 When our eyes meet like this and it's just like before 
 We both instantly realise we need nothing more 
 I adjust to rest upon her sweet breast 
 And on her torso more so 
 In each others arms and with interlocked hands 
 Lay two smiling faces and one set of plansWe're bringing you the beat, yo 
 It's coming through the back door, 
 You feel it when the beat goes (Boom Boom) 
 You feel it when the beat goes (x2) 
 This one ain't about the words, the words, the words, the words 
 It's all about the beat, the beat, the beat, the beat 
 This ain't about your brain, your brain, your brain, your brain, 
 It's all about your feet, your feet, your feet, your feet. 
 Miss 'Too cool to move your feet' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'Dancing as you walk down the street' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'Tapping your feet at the bar' - (I see you) 
 Little Miss 'Sing in your car' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'Cautionary little cynic' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'Big man in their critic' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'Loving every beat per minute' - (I see you) 
 I see, I see, I see, I see all of you. 
 Mr 'Real music has guitars' - (I see you) 
 Miss 'Posing online in your bras' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'I can't understand what he's saying' - (I see you) 
 Mr "Inappropriate for daytime playing - (I see you) 
 Miss 'Covered in emotional scars' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'Gazing in the gutter at stars' - (I see you) 
 Mr 'What kinda genre is this?' - (I see you) 
 I see, I see, I see, I see through you 
 We're bringing you the beat, yo 
 It's coming through the back door, 
 You feel it when the beat goes (Boom Boom) 
 You feel it when the beat goesWell the beat that my heart skipped sounded like this: 
 Every now and then I cower and I need to find empowerment 
 Empowerment is paramount to how I can begin to mount 
 A plan that I can implement 
 To make a dent on ignorance 
 Instead of drunk belligerence 
 And the dissidence of miscreants 
 Especially in this instance 
 Never ending persistence 
 To use the words in each sentence 
 As if they were blunt instruments 
 To beat a hole in their defence 
 Of this beauty and her innocence 
 Which serves to build resistance 
 In spite of all my good intents 
 The beat that my heart skipped 
 This is the beat that my heart skipped 
 This is the beat that my heart skipped 
 This is the beat that my heart skipped when we first met 
 Now that I've heard it, it leaves me with a kind of regret 
 No disrespect 
 But we just left a lot of people upset 
 What we had wasn't really what we'd come to expect 
 This is the beat that my heart skipped when we first met 
 Now that I've heard it, it leaves me with a kind of regret 
 No disrespect 
 But we just left a lot of people upset 
 What we had wasn't really what we'd come to expect 
 Well "good god damn" and other such phrases 
 I haven't heard a beat like this in ages 
 To miss such a beat would have been outrageous 
 When your heart skips a beat it's ruthless and aimless 
 She caught my attention in her fishnets 
 And then she reeled me in expecting nothing more than kissed necks and quick sex 
 But that weren't the case with this platinum princess 
 She'd attracted my interest 
 So I wanted to impress 
 Upon her all the positive things 
 That come from having more than just a one night fling 
 But that's something easier in theory than in practice 
 Since pick up lines are tactics 
 To get prey to the mattress 
 And this actress 
 Is practiced 
 In shunning such theatrics 
 When put upon daily by tactless geriatrics 
 So my genuine advances are met with po-faced scepticism 
 Throwing compliments but she just straight elects to miss them 
 Her lips were put on this earth for dispersing wisdom 
 God forbid I suggest she lets me kiss them 
 But I really want to know what she thinks of me 
 Because I'm loving every idiosyncrasy 
 But I ain't one to jump through hoops to make the first impression 
 Been there, done that, learnt the worst of lessons 
 We want to be loved for who we appear to be instead of who we are 
 Our real selves take a back seat behind the pomp and the façade 
 That's as true of the rude boys, downing pints and acting hard 
 As of the kids shunning convention with clinical disregard 
 This is the beat that my heart skipped 
 And it went... 
 This is the beat that my heart skipped when we first met 
 Now that I've heard it, it leaves me with a kind of regret 
 No disrespect 
 But we just left a lot of people upset 
 What we had wasn't really what we'd come to expect 
 Beat that my heart skipped when we first met 
 Now that I've heard it, it leaves me with a kind of regret 
 No disrespect 
 But we just left a lot of people upset 
 This is the beat that my heart skipped when we first met 
 Now that I've heard it, it leaves me with a kind of regret 
 No disrespect 
 But we just left a lot of people upset 
 What we had wasn't really what we'd come to expect 
 Beat that my heart skipped when we first met 
 Now that I've heard it, it leaves me with a kind of regret 
 No disrespect 
 But we just left a lot of people upset 
 What we had wasn't really what we'd come to expect 
 Every now and then I cower and I need to find empowerment 
 Empowerment is paramount to how I can begin to mount 
 A plan that I can implement 
 To make a dent on ignorance 
 Instead of drunk belligerence 
 And the dissidence of miscreants 
 Especially in this instance 
 Never ending persistence 
 To use the words in each sentence 
 As if they were blunt instruments 
 To beat a hole in their defence 
 Of this beauty and her innocence 
 Which serves to build resistance 
 In spite of all my good intents 
 The beat that my heart skipped 
 This is the beat that my heart skippedI'm from a little place called Great Britain, 
 But I dunno if I love or hate Britain, 
 These words upon my page written, 
 Are the things that make and break Britain. 
 See, I'm from a little place called Great Britain, 
 But I dunno if I love or hate Britain, 
 These words upon my page written, 
 Are the things that make and break Britain. 
 One inch, to the left, to the left, 
 Could have been the difference between life and death, 
 Knife wound to the heart to the side of the chest, 
 Could have been one statistic less. 
 See sometimes great Britain ain't that great, 
 Kids getting stabbed at an alarming rate, 
 Press with a passion to exaggerate, 
 Increasingly clueless heads of state. 
 You see, knife crime, knife crime ain't about knives, 
 It's about young Britain and their ways of lives, 
 You don't solve knife crime by taking knives to hand, 
 You solve it by instilling new hopes and plans, 
 It's got positives though, I swear its true, 
 North, South, East, West to the midlands too. 
 God damn 'versity, that shines right through. 
 Who's makes the best music in the world? We do. 
 I'm from a little place called Great Britain 
 But I dunno if I love or hate Britain 
 These words upon my page written 
 Are the things that make and break Britain 
 See, I'm from a little place called Great Britain, 
 But I dunno if I love or hate Britain, 
 These words upon my page written, 
 Are the things that make and break Britain. 
 In a 2008/2009 government report, 
 Violent crime was not listed to increase, 
 Or decrease, it was instead listed as stable. 
 Now what I ask you is, is stable really acceptable? 
 You see between 2003 and 2008, the number of children admitted into NHS hospitals 
 With knife wounds saw a rise of one hundred and twenty percent. 
 So in my eyes, 2008/2009's stability, just marks our cards as desensitised. 
 But statistics can be twisted, and our contexts aren't realistic, 
 And while this might seem over simplistic, we need to fight this and resist it. 
 I'm from a little place called Great Britain 
 But I dunno if I love or hate Britain 
 These words upon my page written 
 Are the things that make and break Britain 
 See, I'm from a little place called Great Britain, 
 But I dunno if I love or hate Britain, 
 These words upon my page written, 
 Are the things that make and break Britain. 
 See, I'm from a little place called (Great Britain), 
 But I dunno if I love or (hate Britain), 
 These words upon my (page written), 
 Are the things that make and make and 
 See, I'm from a little place called (Great Britain), 
 But I dunno if I love or (hate Britain), 
 These words upon my (page written), 
 Are the things that make and break Britain.Cowboi get back on your horse 
 Home boy get back on your horse, 
 Rude boy get back on your horse, 
 And find your way before your horse gets lost. 
 This story's is dedicated to its main protagonist, 
 And it illustrates how the human brain, it manages 
 To pull through, the toughest of terrains and challenges, 
 Even when it seems we maybe can't sustain the damages, 
 Helen lived in London, 
 She was an office clerk, 
 Her job required her to focus and to stay alert, 
 She was walking home one dark evening late from work, 
 The wind was strong and it caused that kind of rain that hurts, 
 Now out of nowhere a figure did grab at Helen, 
 His hand covered her mouth so she was gagged from yellin', 
 Into an alleyway she was then dragged, no tellin' 
 What more in store for her this evening had this felon, 
 Now pause the story there and put yourself in that road, 
 Plucked from your life minutes from your warm abode, 
 In that situation most people would freeze up and implode, 
 But Hellen somehow managed to remain composed. 
 Cowboi get back on your horse 
 Home boy get back on your horse, 
 Rude boy get back on your horse, 
 And find your way before your horse gets lost 
 She said "look it's clear that my fate here is sealed, 
 You're twice my size so it's either give in or be killed, 
 But this cold cold rain just adds to the trauma, 
 Lets go to my house, its just round the corner", 
 He contemplated, he smiled a sick smile and then agreed, 
 And to her doorway she did then lead, 
 Her hands shaking, as she fumbles for her keys, 
 But what would come next, he just didn't see, 
 You see on the other side of her front door he saw, 
 Her husband standing at 6'4", 
 Our villain turned and ran, as the husband gave chase, 
 And soon enough that sick smile was removed from his face, 
 See that is London, and that is Britain, 
 We might get scratched and we might get bitten, 
 But even when our heart and resolve is depleted, 
 We won't lay down, no we won't be defeated, 
 (Kid Carpet) 
 Cowboi get back on your horse 
 Home boy get back on your horse, 
 Rude boy get back on your horse, 
 And find your way before your horse gets lost 
 X2'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughter 
 'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughter 
 Cell one is a padded little palace within which lives a little girl named Alice 
 For half her life in that room she has been banished 
 She drinks from the wrong side of the chalice the girl's damaged 
 Each day when I arrive at the front gate 
 I hear her happy little voice say "You're late, you're late, you're late" 
 Always talking to the friends in her head 
 Running round her cell and playing under her bed 
 At lunchtimes I go listen to her mad chatter 
 Matter of fact tea parties with a limited platter 
 She won't touch her lunch unless it's labelled completely 
 With little tags saying either 'drink me' or 'eat me' 
 She's never any hassle, bashful battles with validity 
 Always mad polite in spite of all the instability 
 Handles the containment and displacement just formidably 
 Hates the locking doors but by the morning she's forgiven me 
 'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughter 
 'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughter 
 Cell four'll be Dorothy sweet little thing 
 Always likes to chat and smile and dance and sing 
 It's startling when you start to think 
 Of how you might react to this darker thing 
 She believes that she travelled to a far away land 
 And havoc was wreaked by her own fair hand 
 She killed a woman by mistake, straight away on arriving 
 Then formed a gang to go and hunt and kill the victim's sibling 
 It's kind of fucked up they killed wolves and crows 
 As they trod a bloodstained path along a yellow brick road 
 And once they'd killed their second victim they still weren't done 
 This posse bounded on and hounded some old man for fun 
 She tells her story with a smile while not the slightest flicker of rigour lingers 
 As this princess clicks the heels on her slippers 
 Kinda hear a solemn mumble as I close the cell door 
 "Mr Porter we ain't in Kansas no more" 
 'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughter 
 'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughter 
 One more door let's jaw about Wendy 
 Always looking forlorn sat by her window like a sentry 
 Hope of entry is empty due to bars and grating 
 But she still sits staring at the stars just waiting 
 Carved in her heart an outline never never fading 
 A figure, hands on hips, feet never never quaking 
 Memories of a kiss hands never never shaking 
 Her grasps on this dream of hers never never breaking 
 Years back you often hear her talking at night 
 About pirate's adventures and mind propelled flight 
 I know what you're thinking absolutely batshit 
 Factually inaccurate engaging the inanimate' 
 She's say "I believe in fairies" as she rang a little bell 
 And yeah that's kinda crazy but it's harmless as well 
 She harnessed herself apart from this hell and started a well 
 That through her dreams alone broke the fucking bars to this cell 
 'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughter 
 'Cause I'm the porter and these wards I walk from wall to wall are 
 Full of the types of minds that might sometimes fight the binds 
 Of thought paths we all default to 
 Weird to think each one is someone's daughterSilently I step up with a subversive subtext, 
 Trying to feed the need for more than just remedial subjects, 
 Place my faith in the belief that the general public, 
 Will open up their minds to more than just an industry puppet. 
 I ain't a preacher preaching doom and gloom, 
 Well not just yet, 
 But if there's something I feel strongly about, 
 Then I'll discuss it. 
 And if I only make one album before I kick the bucket, 
 I'll hold that album to my heart in my grave and say, "Fuck it!" 
 Waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does, 
 Waiting for my feet to grow wings, 
 That lift me above, 
 All of these tiresome things, 
 That we know and love, 
 Waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does. 
 Waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does, 
 Waiting for my feet to grow wings, 
 That lift me above, 
 All of these tiresome things, 
 That we know and love, 
 Waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does. 
 A lot of my poems and writings seem to start with me waking up or being in a dream, or a dream-like state. 
 Now, this implies a certain level of abstraction in my work. 
 You might say I'm keeping it surreal but... I'd rather you didn't. 
 The fact is: I sleep a lot. It's as simple as that. 
 Ahah, and I like sleepin' man. It's a nice place to be. 
 ...Right. 
 I was walking along through unfamiliar streets, 
 And it felt strange 'cause there didn't seem to be anyone else around. 
 I don't know where I was but it had the feel of New York, 
 But not New York in real life, the New York you see in old films. 
 I can't really explain why it just had that vibe, 
 Every step I took felt somehow more dramatic. 
 So I kept walking and down an alley, behind a bar, sitting on some metal steps I saw a man. 
 From the look and smell of him it was clear he enjoyed a drink, 
 But he wasn't in such a state I felt him to be any kind of irrational threat so I approached him, 
 With due care. 
 "Ah, Mr. Pip," he said out loud, 
 "We've been awaiting you, my name is Elwood P. Dowd." 
 Now just what he meant by "we" I didn't really get, 
 But all the same I took a seat next to him on the step. 
 He said "You'll meet a few people before this day is through, 
 Who will administer advice and guidelines to you, 
 Now what each of them says I'll tell you now is true, 
 But whether or not you take that advice is for you to choose." 
 At that point he acted like someone had whispered in his ear, 
 Which, since no one else was there, was pretty damn weird. 
 Awkwardly I looked away and kinda played with my beard, 
 He cleared his throat for a second and then said, "Listen here, 
 In this life you can be oh-so-smart or oh-so-pleasant, 
 For years I was smart; I recommend pleasant, 
 Being smart can make you rich and bring respect and reverence, 
 But the rewards of being pleasant are far more incandescent." 
 With this information I was encouraged to walk on, 
 I continued alone through these empty streets, 
 Thinking over what Elwood had said, 
 But at the same time thinking about how fucking strange the day had been so far, 
 I was in my own little world when a hand was placed on my chest, 
 And a guy said, "Look out, there's some broken glass on the floor there." 
 I looked up. 
 He said, "Hi pleased to meet you, my name is Lloyd Dobler, 
 I'll get straight to the point, won't take too much time from you. 
 I'm probably the youngest person you'll get advice from today, 
 And you may think a guy my age wouldn't have anything to say, 
 But it's said that observation, not old age brings wisdom, 
 And I observe every single life lesson I'm given, 
 I won't attempt to tell you about how to love or be loved, 
 'Cause you get a different genie each time that latern is rubbed. 
 But I will offer you advice on dealing with life, 
 Its ups and its downs, 
 Its troubles and its strifes, 
 Now I'm sure you've had times you've felt down and angry, 
 Wanted to lash out, punch a wall, and be manly. 
 But the question I pose now will offer you a plan B, 
 And maybe some peace and quiet for your friends and family: 
 How hard is it to decide to be in a good mood, 
 And then just be in a good mood? 
 That's all I have to say 'cause it's a straight up fact, 
 You control your emotions, it's as simple as that." 
 He walked off then, 
 Leaving me to contemplate this brief encounter. 
 I barely had time to realize I was being taught something before, 
 He was gone. 
 And I was back on my way. 
 On I walked and almost immediately I spotted the next guide, 
 He couldn't be clearer. 
 This guy was standing on the street corner pacing back and forth, 
 Skinny looking guy, leather jacket, tight jeans, retro look, 
 I've rarely seen someone looking quite so uncomfortable in their own skin, 
 Twitching, smoothing his hair back, kicking the floor, looking up and down the street. 
 He clearly didn't enjoy waiting around, so I approached him quickly, 
 To put him out of his misery, 
 And to let him start his ...spiel. 
 "Hi, my name is Billy Brown, 
 I ain't gonna give you some quote, 
 Instead I'm gonna use some stuff that YOU wrote, 
 'Always had the feeling I could never be the villain, 
 'Cause the villain in the films is always backlit 
 Always had the feeling I could never be the villain, 
 'Cause the villain in the films is always backlit. 
 Now I find it pleasing to defend myself with reason, 
 But this clock is always sitting on my back, 
 Tick, tick, tick. 
 Then, no explosion but participants erosion, 
 Like a picture over overly exposed and, 
 Like a fox that's been run over in the road and...' 
 Basically what I'm trying to say to you 
 Is you don't achieve anything by letting the past rule within you, 
 Getting all pent up and angry about stuff just eats away inside you, 
 What's that other line of yours? 
 'If you can't forgive and forget, how's this? 
 Forget forgiving and just accept that that's it.' 
 See that's how it's gotta be, 
 Then you can fall in love, get on with your life, and be free." 
 Almost before he could finish that sentence he was off down the street, 
 Hands in his pockets, hurrying away. 
 Now quite accepting of the totally surreal time I was having I rounded the corner, 
 And continued onto my next encounter, 
 Resigned to the fact that this was some kind of dream or hallucination, 
 I made my way through the now-dark street, 
 To the one window that had a light on, 
 I walked through the unlocked door, 
 Which incidentally had blinds down, 
 And a silhouetted figure like a film noir scene, 
 But sadly no sign saying private eye, 
 As I entered a voice promptly said, 
 "This journey's almost over, 
 I'm the only one left, 
 Allow me to introduce myself, 
 My name is Walter Neff. 
 The other guys have taught you things of great positive worth, 
 But I'm afraid I'm here to bring you back down to earth. 
 See you can live your life in control and be nice, 
 But even that will not promise you a happy life. 
 You may think yourself in general to be a nice guy, 
 But I'm telling you now, that right there is a lie, 
 Even the nicest of guys has some nasty within them, 
 You don't have to be backlit to be the villain. 
 Whether it be greed, lust, or just plain vindictiveness, 
 There's a level of malevolence inside of all of us. 
 You can paint yourself and image, 
 And live in your own little dream, 
 But this ain't a dream, it's one big silver screen. 
 So when you think you've got your happy ending don't ever forget, 
 It ain't over till you hear the sound of your end credits. 
 You'll be waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does, 
 Waiting for your feet to grow wings, 
 That lift you above, 
 All of those tiresome things, 
 That you know and love, 
 Waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does. 
 Waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does, 
 Waiting for your feet to grow wings, 
 That lift you above, 
 All of those tiresome things, 
 That you know and love, 
 Waiting for the beat to kick in, 
 But it never does."When I spit, intensity intensifies 
 My thoughts contort inside 
 The thought behind my eyes are bought in simple rhymes 
 The rest are galvanised, ingested and applied 
 The waste then ostracised, potential realised 
 Not a potential to speak as speaking works 
 But a potential of those very words then by the listener heard 
 These words, that in my head, once meant nothing at all 
 Now flow with the full force of a waterfall 
 And that's enough force to break the death star 
 Then I gotta pause, and take a breath 
 That's better now, let's put some words together 
 Put that letter with this letter till we get a better set of words 
 A sentence, or maybe even a verse 
 That we can write and rehearse, and then recite till it hurts 
 Pack it tight till it bursts, if it feels right then it works 
 A need to try this in verse, leaving the riot inert 
 (Frozen) Frozen in a different time 
 (Chosen) Chosen as a vessel for this stringent rhyme 
 (Supposing) Supposing we all have these things inside 
 (Explosion) An explosion's all you need to make this rhyme benign 
 As I lay rhymes on this beat my 
 Pen-shaped sword cuts deep this sheet and 
 If it cuts too deep to take I 
 Pray the Lord my pen won't break 
 Pray the Lord my pen won't break 
 This internal spontaneous combustion engine 
 This evil grandiose, eruption pending 
 Inside all of us, comatose and hibernating 
 Until you overthrow the demon at the gate that's waiting 
 And when you do, it all just flows through 
 The roads have no queues, no one can slow you 
 It's bright, there's no hue, the sights are in view 
 It's tight and it's true, each line feels so new 
 You sit down and write, write, write right now 
 On your laptop type, type, type now 
 Everything feels right, right, right now 
 And you won't stop and you don't stop x2 
 spoken: 
 How're you gonna get lost inside a place that you know better than 
 Any other person in the world, it ain't clever man? 
 And what was it that made you get stuck in this riddle? 
 Before you answer, sip the question a little 
 As I lay rhymes on this beat my 
 Pen-shaped sword cuts deep this sheet and 
 If it cuts too deep to take I 
 Pray the Lord my pen won't break 
 Pray the Lord my pen won't break 
 Pray the Lord my pen won't break 
 Pray the Lord my pen won't breakI woke early one day after a restless night 
 I watched the stars burst and fill the morning sky with light 
 In my hazy daze I noticed something on my bedroom floor 
 It was an envelope I don't think I had seen before 
 I opened it with caution and in it did reside 
 A map and a note that said "join me inside" 
 I had nothing to do that day outside of my head 
 So I decided to just follow and see where it led 
 It led me to a door, grabbed the handle and used it 
 Stood before me was the physical embodiment of music 
 I could barely believe my eyes, she was a sepia goddess 
 Every contour was perfection and her demeanour was modest 
 Even armed with all this beauty she was in no way belittling 
 I'd liken her body to the opening riff from Little Wing 
 Her eyes burned deep with the passion of a nameless chain gang 
 And lips smart with the vibe of Son of a Preacher Man 
 She told me she had evolved over time 
 We sauntered into her room room with just a bed and some wine 
 We talked for hours about the things she's seen and done but not boasting 
 We passed the Zinfandel, raised the glass and just toasting 
 We had a meeting of minds, she breathed life in this old brain 
 She was the milk in my Kahlúa, I was the Hartman to her Coltrane 
 Showed me scars she had acquired each time a genius would depart 
 Jimi Hendrix on her left hand, Johnny Cash on her heart 
 Different fingers, Mingus, Davis and her leg scarred for Elvis 
 Ray Charles on her eyelids, Jim Morrison on her pelvis 
 Then she asked about me and my musical stylings 
 All the things in life I found somewhat inspiring 
 I paused, the wine making me feel quite cocky 
 Feeling whatever I said she would take in, and not mock me 
 I said I'm a wordsmith and artist, I'm deep like the TARDIS 
 Every time I aim for something I'm gonna hit the target 
 She joked: "Gangster rap?"; I said "No, but drop the 'g', 
 You might start to get a better description of me." 
 "Angster rap?" she said. "If it sticks you'll regret that, 
 The most appalling moniker since the dawn of Dan le Sac." 
 She was a sepia goddess, yeah, her demeanour was modest 
 Her hair was wild like the darkest deepest of forests 
 Many before me had fallen at her feet and died 
 But then I made a connection and she let me inside 
 She was a sepia goddess, yeah, her demeanour was modest 
 Hair was wild like the darkest deepest of forests 
 Many before me had fallen at her feet and died 
 But then I made a connection and she let me inside 
 I continue: "Some of these clothes are looking old just like my jaded character 
 Who thinks like I'm abroad but sometimes I act like an amateur 
 This hat's an old classic in the first stage of dilapidation 
 It's a fair evaluation that it's making this equation a little 
 Top-heavy, if you know what I mean 
 'Cause there's a fine line between a classic and a has-been." 
 As I finished that sentence I noticed the sadness in her eyes 
 This moved me, left my mind wondering why 
 As we lay there she buried her head in my chest 
 I wrapped my arms around her, stroked her with the sweetest caress 
 I wanted to find the right line that could make her sad head lift 
 Wanted a chance to breathe life back into music like redshift 
 Said she'd grown sick and tired of the same shit 
 I said if there was anything in the world I could do, she should name it 
 She said sit in public places and quietly observe 
 All of the speeches, mannerisms, every action and word 
 When something inspires me to concentrate on that thing 
 Get a pen and pad and then produce a vocal offering 
 She said "bring the lost art of conversation back 
 I'm sick to death of awkward silences and all that crap 
 It's time to talk to one another, share your thoughts and facts 
 Learn the more of it you give, the more you get right back" 
 I looked her in the eyes and said I'd do what I could 
 Then she held my head and kissed me but not like a lover would 
 But then, it also wasn't like a close friend or relative 
 Instead of exciting it was calming like a spiritual sedative 
 And then we lay there until I woke in an empty room 
 If I couldn't still smell her skin I'd be inclined to assume 
 That I'd dreamt the whole thing, but I knew that I hadn't 
 And I'd seen the perfect balance of beauty and talent 
 After a moment of reflection I rose to my feet 
 Opened the door with squinted eyes and stepped back into the street 
 I kind of staggered home and got out a pen as she'd said 
 I wrote down my inspiration and here's what it read: 
 She was a sepia goddess, yeah, her demeanour was modest 
 Hair was wild like the darkest deepest of forests 
 Many before me had fallen at her feet and died 
 But that night I made a connection and she let me inside 
 She was a sepia goddess, yeah, her demeanour was modest 
 Hair was wild like the darkest deepest of forests 
 Many before me had fallen at her feet and died 
 But that night I made a connection and she let me insideWhat do you mean keep it real, could someone please explain 
 When reality's just light interpreted by your brain 
 And if mine and your perceptions ain't one and the same 
 Which one of us is normal which one is insane 
 The skin never forgets a deep abrasion 
 Yet your brain often forgets deep conversations 
 This annoys me due to the nature of humanity 
 Want to remember the good, not just the bad things that happened to me 
 And yeah, I understand the minds an intricate tapestry 
 So is the skin and that still records damage, see 
 This scar above my eyebrow's from when I was a kid 
 And my skin has kept a record of the damage I did 
 Twenty some years down the line from that very day 
 Documentation of carelessness and the price that you pay 
 Yet it's over complex brain that sits inside of my head 
 Can't remember the last things me and my friend J said 
 I don't want to be just devoid of desire 
 I don't want to be another bird on the wire 
 I don't want to be just a log on the fire 
 I don't want to be that at all 
 I got a heart rate that's erratic 
 I guess god fucked up the schematic 
 I can't hack it and I panic and that makes it go pneumatic 
 Causing landslides t-t-t-tearing up my insides 
 Sometimes I think I'll live forever, but I know I won't 
 When I really should be working on my flow I don't 
 I just sit here and read extracts from this note I wrote 
 Trying to find something that is worth a quote 
 Fixing up mad Bitches like lobotomy stitches 
 When I hit a tight rhyme see my leg it twitches 
 I ain't into this game for the fame or riches 
 Good to write tight rhymes, street poems and scriptures 
 Now what's the point I'm making? Why I am saying this out loud? 
 Am I convincing myself or pandering to the crowd? 
 You can hear every word, you would still never know me 
 Like Sean Penn could win 10 Oscars but he'll still be SpicoliThere's a weight over me today 
 It's something I have to say 
 Love you too much to leave 
 Don't like you enough to stay 
 My head's in a mess 
 And I'm stressed 
 But I guess it's a test in the quest for happiness 
 And the rest of that mess 
 So I best just acquiesce 
 Even though I've grown tired of you 
 And that ain't meant to sound spiteful 
 I'm just trying to be insightful 
 When I write all my emotions 
 In the night, all the stuff I try to fight 
 Will just come out and the sad fact is, I'm so tired of you 
 Love, it's a weird thing ain't it? 
 There's no way to explain it 
 But I swear, as well as pain 
 There should be joy, but we sustain 
 The same level of mundane, 
 And it's numbing me through 
 I often wonder if I'd miss you, 
 And still have the urge to kiss you, 
 If an issue was to hit through 
 To this heart that now feels disused, 
 And said issue was too big to just ignore 
 And I walked out on you? 
 The chances are I'd fall apart 
 And suffer seizures of the heart 
 As my chest begins to smart 
 The very second I depart 
 I'd want to go back to the start 
 But then again, maybe I'd just feel new. 
 Maybe I'd get my life on track 
 And start to focus my attack 
 On all the things my life just lacks 
 And start to claw my passion back 
 Instead of living like a hack, 
 Half-committed, half-relaxed 
 I'd have nothing to lose 
 There's a weight over me today 
 It's something I have to say 
 Love you too much to leave 
 Don't like you enough to stay 
 There's a weight over me today 
 It's something I have to say 
 Love you too much to leave 
 Don't like you enough to stay 
 I guess lately I've had too much time to think 
 And yeah, way too much drink 
 When paper meets the ink 
 Overthinking is the chink in my armour 
 That's just what I do 
 And I've always been that way, 
 Forever questioning each day 
 And every plea that's made 
 That maybe when I lay 
 My busy mind will make 
 Me prove by finding problems and reasons 
 That might not even be true. 
 See, we got together so young, 
 Before our real lives had begun 
 But flowers don't grow up as one 
 Each finds its own way to the sun 
 And that's exactly what we've done. 
 We've grown up separately too, 
 And for a few years now it's been the problem, 
 And these realisations, I wish that I could stop them, 
 But I've realised that love is all we have in common, 
 And deep down you know that's true. 
 But then surely that I'm still in love with you means there's something we can do 
 To get us through and to pursue a brand new point of view on how this gap grew, 
 Between me and you. 
 So there's a weight over me and I'd hate to have to leave, 
 But in fate I don't believe and the state of you and me isn't great as you can see 
 So I'll keep thinking this through. 
 There's a weight over me today 
 It's something I have to say 
 Love you too much to leave 
 Don't like you enough to stay 
 There's a weight over me today 
 It's something I have to say 
 Love you too much to leave 
 Don't like you enough to stay 
 There's a weight over me today 
 It's something I had to say 
 Love you too much to leave 
 Don't like you enough to stay 
 There's a weight over me today 
 It's something I have to say 
 Love you too much to leave 
 Don't like you enough to stayShe said "I feel numb" 
 I said "That doesn't make sense - numbness is a lack of feeling." 
 She said I knew what she meant and I did 
 I was just talking 
 I'm not a pedant but I was hesitant to let silence walk in 
 I took her hand and I kissed each knuckle 
 It didn't register at first but then she smiled a smile that meant fuck all 
 "I don't think I wanna fight it." she said without eye contact 
 "I want my last breath to be a laugh, not the last gasp of a lab rat." 
 And I had nothing to say back 
 Just smiled and kissed each knuckle again, comfort rewound and played back 
 We left through the lobby as I texted Skaghead Bobby - nice name, right? 
 He said he'd run out, but if we dropped off cash now he could sort us out the same night 
 So we dropped off a little money and went and had happy meals 
 "Lady's choice!" I had said and she chose to pay Ronald McDonald's bills 
 I wore an upper-half face mask of the hamburglar 
 And we took it in turns not to laugh as we ate the equivalent weight of a third of her 
 I used to buy weed off Bobby, back in my late teens 
 He was as shady as his moniker but he could facilitate our new needs 
 Neither of us had done ecstasy before but we bought three tabs each 
 Fuck it! You only live once and that's at the most it would seem 
 We walked along the south bank wrapped up warm in coats and gloves 
 We sang songs, ran in circles, laughed and fell in love 
 It wasn't real love of course, just a chemical alternative 
 But that was all we required; temporary life-affirming shit 
 We were beauty that night - through drug-tinted glasses 
 The sun shone on us through the dark skies as the rest of the world passed us 
 Our long foot adventure took us all the way down to Greenwich 
 Start to finish four hours give or take oh, a few minutes 
 Around ten forty-five as we sat on a bench the place glew in the dark 
 You could see right across the river from the Cutty Sark to Milwall Park 
 We shared a kiss at that moment with no sexual undercurrents 
 She jumped to her feet and said "Let's play a game!" 
 "If you can catch me right now, I will tell you my name." 
 And with that she turned and ran as I promptly gave chase 
 Through streets and alleyways as laughs cascaded from her face 
 And again I have no doubt it was down to the chemicals 
 But she seemed to float and glow as we bounded on like thin blood through white ventricles 
 All of a sudden, like in slow motion, she hurled herself into the air 
 And then in the blinking sound of a splash, I was stood all alone there 
 There was no flailing or splashes - just the first one that broke the surface 
 I heard that when a girl writes off the world it's done in cursive 
 I'd met her that morning in the waiting room at 7am 
 And 16 beautiful hours later, I'd never see her againThings in life ain't always quite what they seem, there's more than 
 One given angle to any one given scene. So bear that in mind next 
 Time you try to intervene on any one given angle, on any one given 
 Scene. 
 MARK: 
 My name is mark & I go to Uni and college 
 Don't socialise that much I just revise and build knowledge. 
 At times I find that I become a virtual recluse 
 I let my belt of interaction hang decisively loose 
 But I came here to learn and that's the life that I choose 
 So if people think that I'm a geek they can bring their abuse 
 See a lot of people think that I'm boring and say 
 That maybe I'm a weirdo or maybe I'm gay 
 But I don't care 'cause when I get a good job and good pay 
 I'll get a house for just my brother and me some day 
 And that's the reason I'm here, just to build for the future 
 And if it means better grades yeah I'd even sleep with my tutor 
 Things in life ain't always quite what they seem, there's more than 
 One given angle to any one given scene. So bear that in mind next 
 Time you try to intervene on any one given angle, on any one given 
 Scene. 
 PAUL: 
 My name is Paul & I've been a guard for 6 months 
 The shop that I guard is better than most dumps 
 That's why I like it here and my boss he's a pro 
 He's taught me tricks of the trade that other guards wouldn't know 
 I've learnt that in this game, there's some rules, you gotta bend 
 And not to forget these thieving pricks ain't your friend 
 And that appearance is key 'cause there's a message to send 
 And above all of that it's your fellow guards you defend. 
 The other day my boss was stabbed by some lowlife psycho 
 He's in hospital now so every night that's where I go 
 He's on the brink right now but he's showing no fear though 
 'Cause if he dies there in bed he knows he's dying a hero. 
 Things in life ain't always quite what they seem, there's more than 
 One given angle to any one given scene. So bear that in mind next 
 Time you try to intervene on any one given angle, on any one given 
 Scene. 
 Keith: 
 My name is Keith and I ain't so much a racist 
 But if one reached out a hand I'd decline their embraces 
 I work security in a shop in charge of 5 other guards 
 And I've got all of their respect 'cause I run this shit hard 
 I nicked one thief today; he didn't show enough respect and attention 
 So I grabbed him by the neck, see that's my form of redemption 
 I do no real harm; just make sure that it hurts 
 It ain't going by the book but believe me it works 
 Then I sent him on his way, that little shit knows the score now 
 Instil a little bit of fear. He won't darken my door now 
 And that's what I do. Stop these kids from decline. 
 Do what their parents wouldn't do, put down some boundaries & 
 Lines. 
 Things in life ain't always quite what they seem, there's more than 
 One given angle to any one given scene. So bear that in mind next 
 Time you try to intervene on any one given angle, on any one given 
 Scene. 
 Billy: 
 My name is Billy & I've been beaten since I was 3 
 Mum died when I was born and dad takes it out on me 
 He ain't a bad man. He just gets drunk and feels alone 
 I tend to go for a walk, hope he's asleep when I get home. 
 I don't like to talk about it much 'cause like I said it ain't his fault 
 It only happens when he's drunk as a last resort 
 I wanted to get him a gift to show my support 
 But I had no money so I stole & I guess I got caught. 
 At times like that I kinda switch of my mind 
 Stare blankly into space and let what happens unwind 
 That seemed to anger this guard, he put his hands round my neck 
 He said it's time for me to learn some manners and respect 
 It hurt, but I've had worse before 
 But it made me realise life was just a series of wars 
 I went straight home that day and locked the bathroom door 
 Took a blade to both wrists, they won't hurt me no more. 
 Things in life ain't always quite what they seem, there's more than 
 One given angle to any one given scene. So bear that in mind 
 Next time you try to intervene on any one given angle, on any one 
 Given scene. 
 MARK: 
 My name is Mark and today I was told my brother was dead 
 I returned from Uni and burst into tears on his bed 
 Under his pillow, I found his suicide note & I read 
 What had happened that day and what had fucked up his head. 
 The anger I felt right then there no words to express 
 I filled up with so much rage there was no way to digest 
 I grabbed a knife and walked to town, it was time to regress 
 Back to an eye for and eye, last breath for last breath 
 I went straight up to the counter and said I'd like to speak 
 To the guard that nicked my brother on Tuesday of this week 
 As the girl went through a door and disappeared out of sight 
 I put my hand in my pocket and I gripped the knife tight 
 This was it, as she pointed me out to the guard 
 My hand began to shake as held the knife so hard 
 Then as he approached me there was nothing to say 
 I stabbed that fucker eight times before they could take me away. 
 Things in life ain't always quite what they seem, there's more than 
 One given angle to any one given scene. So bear that in mind 
 Next time you try to intervene on any one given angle, on any one 
 Given scene.As another evening ends late and night tailgates daybreak 
 Friends, mates and jailbait wait to relocate 
 As two drunk girls gyrate it just serves to frustrate 
 The crowd of guys that didn't vacate their prostate 
 I just observe as my headphones vibrate 
 It's so serene even when they make scrapes 
 There's always someone to placate the irate 
 And as it arrives the crowd waylays the N8 
 From the top deck I love this night time tour of the city 
 Seeing areas now vibrant where they used to be shitty 
 These used to be the streets of the broken homes 
 Now everybody dresses like Paloma Faith and Ebony Bones 
 When housing's cheap two types of people tend to then descend on it 
 First it's rough then the arty types start climbing up on it 
 Sometimes they mix well and sometimes these things are too phonic 
 If not discerning with their mouth they'll lose a tooth or two from it 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepers 
 A world away from the drunks and the tweakers 
 Sat there they prove there's still a place for the dreamers 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepers 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepers 
 A world away from the drunks and the tweakers 
 Sat there they prove there's still a place for the dreamers 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepers 
 She seems threatless like the butterfly on her necklace 
 Something sets her separate from the homo-erectus 
 Sleeps sweet bliss, it's sweep infectious 
 Her hands become her pillow, comfortably ambidextrous 
 If you can hold your head when all around you are boisterous 
 Or quite the opposite late night back seat coitus 
 If you can hold your head despite the fact that you ain't conscious 
 Then in my eyes you are luminescent like phosphorus 
 So onwards sleeping beauties pay no heed to the real world 
 This can't compete with the scenes your dreams meld 
 Seems these routines just repeat can't be felled 
 Conveyor belt, in spite of sleeps cousin, it's upheld 
 Sleep, in spite of the light, the fights that might ignite 
 Sleep, resist the itch to sit and twitch and click your iPhone 
 Sleep, escape this place, let glass replace your pillow case 
 Sleep, rest in peace and sleep in beauty 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepers 
 A world away from the drunks and the tweakers 
 Sat there they prove there's still a place for the dreamers 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepers 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepers 
 A world away from the drunks and the tweakers 
 Sat there they prove there's still a place for the dreamers 
 I got a lot of love for the nightbus sleepersIt's tragic; you tried to cut yourself in half, 
 But this isn't magic; in fact it's something much more dark, or more dramatic 
 Self harm, that's what they call it. 
 'Cause it just affects you. 
 It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do, 
 And if one day you can't rein it in, 
 And of your last breath you are the only witness, 
 Then so be it, 'cause it's your last breath, 
 And it's nobody else's business. 
 But, how about your little sister? 
 I mean, you think your life's been bad, 
 And by no means am I belittling that, 
 'Cause I know the troubles you've had 
 But a teen finding out her big sister chose death over life, 
 Finding out instead of turning to her with your problems, You turned to a knife 
 That's a whole lot of pain to deal with, 
 And a whole lot of damage 
 And the only role model she has is little more than words engraved in granite. 
 But as you said before, this just affects you. 
 It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do. 
 And if one day you can't rein it in, 
 And of your last breath you are the only witness, 
 Then so be it, 'cause it's your last breath, 
 And it's nobody else's business. 
 But then, how about your parents? 
 God knows they've done all they can to support. 
 Yeah, you didn't go up in a mansion, 
 But they gave you the best life they could afford, 
 And the second that last bit of life tickles out, 
 And your lungs cease to breath, 
 They've fail the most important task that they will ever receive. 
 They failed to give their child a life that's worth living, 
 And that's a failure as long as they live, of themselves, is unforgiving. 
 But as you said before, this just affects you. 
 It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do. 
 And if one day you can't rein it in, 
 And of your last breath you are the only witness, 
 Then so be it, 'cause it's your last breath, 
 And it's nobody else's business. 
 But, how about your friends? 
 How did they fail to see this coming? 
 I mean, you can only hold so much pain, 
 And recently it seems like the tap's been left running. 
 Families grow distant, but it's meant to be your friends you can rely on. 
 They shouldn't be there for just fun and drinks. 
 They should be the shoulder to cry on. 
 They should be the ones you turn to, 
 When you can't talk to your family. 
 But they failed to because although you didn't ask for their support, 
 It should have been mandatory. 
 But as you said before, this just affects you. 
 It's your life, your body, so you can choose what you do. 
 And if one day you can't rein it in, 
 And of your last breath you are the only witness, 
 Then so be it, 'cause it's your last breath, 
 And it's nobody else's business. 
 But then, what about me? 
 What kind of boyfriend am I? 
 Instead of living a life I was a big part of, 
 You would rather die. 
 Instead of fighting though together, 
 And turning things around, 
 You decided the grass is greener 
 On the other side of the ground. 
 Of our shared lives there was nothing worth living for as far as you could see. 
 So if that's the case for you 
 Then what is there left in this life for me? 
 But as you said before, this just affects you. 
 It's your life, your body, your sister, your parents, your friends, and your partner 
 So you can choose what you do. 
 And if one day you can't rein it in, 
 And of your last breath you are the only witness, 
 Then fuck everybody else cause that ain't something you've got to live with 
 The magician's assistant 
 Too many problems to list them, 
 Not enough people to listen. 
 The magician's assistant... 
 The magician's assistant...Hip hop is art 
 Don't make another pop hit, be smart 
 Take it back to the start 
 Like KRS and Rakim use passion and heart 
 Don't get me wrong, I ain't dissing Dizzee Rascal 
 I'm just using his beat as a single example 
 It was the first big hit of its kind in the pop charts 
 Spawned a lot of shit with profit in mind, not heart 
 Channel U's full of "UK sound and ringtone", 
 Think they should all have "p45s to bring home". 
 Prancing about like they're the next big thing, 
 'Cause their cousin's got an 8 track and their mate Daryll can sing 
 These kids getting above their station and sayin', 
 They're a vessel through which a higher power's conveyin': 
 "My lyrical content is a miracle, God sent" 
 My name is Scroobius Pip, I say fuck all that nonsense! 
 Their lyrical prognosis is like spiritual osmosis 
 In that everything they say evaporates into boasts - it's a joke! 
 I've listened and I can't even find one quote 
 Worth using as a reference or even as a footnote 
 Most of these kids could get their guns out and kill me, 
 But how many got the skill to inspire and thrill me? 
 I've got a holster, I keep biscuits in it, 
 It wears into your brain leaving big fat blisters in it. 
 Who'm I better than? I'm better than I used to be, 
 I'ma keep on getting better so you better just get used to me 
 You think that's a cop out? Then hear my point truthfully 
 'Cause chances are, this is how you should be 
 If your only goal's to be as good as Scroobius Pip 
 Then as soon as you achieve that your standards have slipped 
 If your goal is always to improve on yourself 
 Then the quest is never over no matter how big your wealth. 
 Hip hop is art 
 Don't make another pop hit, be smart 
 Take it back to the start 
 Like KRS and Rakim use passion and heartI feel sick tonight, 
 Something in my stomach ain't sitting right, 
 But I've got to overcome it, keep spitting tight, 
 I've gotta overcome it, keep spitting tight, keep spitting tight, 
 I feel sick tonight, 
 Ring the bell, throw in the towel; I ain't fit to fight, 
 I'm in hell; I don't know how I can hit this height, 
 But I gotta overcome it, keep spitting tight, keep spitting tight, 
 Trick the switch and get my brain to begin again, 
 Adrenalin and Benalin will get the cerebellum in, 
 A state to deliver lines timed to be the medicine, 
 Lose my breath, they're Ventolin, lose an arm, then rent a limb, 
 Choose to not present them in lies but still remembering, 
 I am not am not a veteran; I do not know everything, 
 Hide behind this pseudonym, I do not presume to win, 
 Write lines till I feel true to them, decided by the mood I'm in, 
 So I serve up words naked, never in sugar coats, 
 And I write more quotes than a fucking big book of quotes, 
 That's that, straight fact, 
 When it's down on the track you can't take it back, 
 And if the crowd don't react or get on ya back, 
 Then you've failed and you just have to live with that, 
 I remember when I was a kid 'n' that, 
 Way before I found beards and caps, 
 Pencils came with erasers that, 
 Could erase your mistakes erase, retract, 
 But in the real world things just ain't that easy, 
 You can't take back your mistakes so freely, 
 You gotta take them in think about them deeply, 
 Not ignore them and just move on discreetly, 
 They say Jesus died for somebody's sins but God knows he didn't die for mine, 
 'Cause I'll stand accountable for my own damn sins each and every time, 
 And if my sins are too great to be accepted in the circles which I strive, 
 Then I'll go right ahead and live a lone lush life in some small dive, 
 I feel sick tonight, 
 I feel sick tonight, 
 I feel sick tonight, 
 I feel sick... tonight, 
 My head hurts, 
 From running head first, 
 Into another said verse, 
 (On a subject that ain't easy to talk about) 
 It gets worse, 
 Feels like my legs burst, 
 I swear I feel cursed, 
 (Get up; if you feel the strain you just walk it out) 
 Because we live a lie for a lie and then truth for truth, 
 But lies can be sly and the truth aloof, 
 And it seems that lies can disguise and dupe the youth, 
 So we gotta try to define what suits as proof, 
 Back on track now quick to react now, 
 If the beats change then my flow will adapt how, 
 Ever it has to do so break up words like letter cubes thrown, 
 Around the room without a care, 
 Stretch out letters when there's space to spare, 
 How can you not love this language? 
 It's beauty and pain and relentless anguish, 
 Each twist and turn that you're controlling, 
 Taste each verb as off ya tongue it's rolling, 
 Nothing is more entertaining, 
 Than fuckin' with words and their arrangement, 
 Every syllable can rhyme, 
 If you will afford the time, 
 But now I'll leave it there all right, 
 And simply declare, 
 I feel sick tonight. 
 I feel sick tonight.In this democracy I as a citizen reserve the right to stand up for what I believe in 
 In this democracy I as a citizen I'm not accountable to the government 
 In this democracy the government is accountable to us, the people 
 In this democracy the government is elected by us, the people 
 To represent us, the people 
 In our best interests, on a national and international scale 
 And if they're not doing so, In this democracy, I as a citizen reserve the right 
 To rise up 
 I will not move, I will not change 
 I will not bend or play their games 
 I will stand tall with a full frame 
 I will take pride I will stake a claim 
 I swear, as a citizen of this country 
 To stand up for what I believe in 
 I swear, as a citizen of this country 
 To not just sit around, bitching and moaning 
 I swear, as a citizen of this country 
 To take action if action be needed 
 I swear, as a citizen of this country 
 To realize that the power is with us 
 And no one else... 
 I will not move, I will not change... 
 X4 
 I will stake a claim 
 I will stake a claim 
 I will stake a claim 
 I will stake a claim 
 I will not move, I will not change...You are my new inspiration... 
 My muse 
 And I mean that not as a compliment 
 I will use you to cruise through any writer's block 
 Any lazy daze when a glazed gaze invades my mind's cave of creativity 
 I will think of you... and what you did to me 
 I will take negativity and make it inspire me 
 I was not a book from a library 
 As I stand here alone, I declare I was not a loan 
 To be picked up and dropped off at a later date 
 And you barely even made my spine bend 
 Just skimmed through some of the interesting bits then skipped to the end 
 The notes you left in my margins turned from scribbles to scars 
 But here's the best part: 
 You didn't even realise you were reading the first draft of a best seller 
 The manuscript of a future Nobel prize winner 
 This book you discarded as a pamphlet will ignite shit 
 I will write ten times harder than before 
 I will create art, I will create beauty 
 I will create so many things that you can't ignore 
 But I will not do them in your name 
 I will not shout you from the roof tops 
 I will tap your name out in morse code on my outer thigh 
 As I casually accept plaudits from on high 
 I will not to try to win you back 
 I do not want you back 
 I just want to show you 
 I just need to show you what you fucking walked away from 
 I will achieve all my goals ten-fold 
 I will achieve your goals too, casually 
 I will have happiness and joy in my life 
 I will fall in love; husband, child and wife 
 I will shine brighter than I could ever have dreamed to be 
 And you will see me 
 And you will see. Me 
 I will make rivers run red in your anonymity 
 The screams of nations will echo our affinity 
 My wrath will be relentless 
 My path of destruction will be momentously momentous 
 I will change the face of history and paint it in my likeness 
 And I will like this 
 I will destroy everything that you hold dear 
 By simply destroying everything far and near 
 My footsteps will be impossible not to hear 
 I will watch you from afar and taste each tear 
 I will wipe out entire races 
 I will erase faces and displace with great haste and no graces 
 This world will become my plaything 
 Embracing my ways and then just breaking 
 I will burn this entire world to the ground 
 I will leave a mark greater than any have ever left before 
 I will lay waste by land, air and sea 
 And you will see me 
 And you will see meSNOB 
 Little Sammy was a kid on a council estate 
 His dad listened to the skids, the slits and the slates 
 So Sammy listened too, he loved the passion in it 
 He loved the feeling in his spine with every snare hit 
 One day his dad bought the Sunday rag 
 Came with a CD of Mozart and a TV mag 
 The TV was broke so he put the CD on and listened 
 And his eyes lit up and his smile, it glistened 
 He had never known that music could have so many layers 
 Different emotions placed upon different parts and players 
 Each week he waited for the next free CD 
 To put on his headphones and get lost completely 
 So he saved all his money, one goal in mind 
 To go down to a performance and see this live 
 It took eight long months to raise these funds 
 But the excitement was immense when that day did come 
 With his pockets full of coins he got the bus to the city 
 He watched the view become less shitty and gritty 
 Even though he was alone in this big dark place 
 Nothing could remove the smile from his face 
 When he arrived, everyone was in suits 
 Sammy stood there in tatty jeans and boots 
 He slammed his coins on the counter "one ticket please" 
 But the guy turned up his nose like he was gonna sneeze 
 He looked away and served the next couple suited and booted 
 But Sammy stood his ground and asked again less muted 
 They laughed and someone sneered "Get out of here pikey 
 Appreciation on your level seems less than likely" 
 Tears built up in little Sammy's eyes 
 It seemed his place in society he could not hide 
 His head dropped for a minute but then his head was held 
 He looked them in the eyes as he screamed and yelled 
 He said... 
 Stop being a snob with ya music 
 It's made to be heard man, anyone can use it 
 Ya get so damn precious sometimes 
 It's just rhythms and rhymes and melodies in time 
 There was this other kid, she lived on the outskirts of Leicester 
 Her friends called her Frankie, her parents Francesca 
 I gotta admit she was kind of ignorant 
 But the kind you expect of wealth and affluence 
 No offence! She just lived in a different world 
 With different priorities, a real status girl 
 Her musical taste were an NME playlist 
 And anything recommended by the rich and famous 
 Now one day she was buying tunes online 
 She'd just got into Beck five years out of time 
 When she went to download Midnight Vultures 
 She got confused and grabbed Midnight Marauders 
 The only hip hop she knew was when that boy Kanye 
 Got featured in her mag doing a track with Coldplay 
 But as she reached to turn it off Q-Tip started to speak 
 And in that split second somehow he connected deep 
 She sat up, till god knows what time 
 Hunting for more beats, breaks and rhymes 
 She could barely believe that music so far from her role 
 Could resonate and connect to the root of her soul 
 She woke late the next day and hit the record store 
 She'd found a lot of dope tracks but she wanted more 
 She walked in and went straight to the guy at the desk 
 She said, "I'm loving De La Soul and a Tribe Called Quest 
 I've heard good things about Rakim and KRS 
 So I'm looking for advice on what's the best of the best" 
 The guys looked at each other, raised an eyebrow and smiled 
 And they looked back at her like a little lost child 
 Then they laughed "little posh girl getting her ghetto on? 
 Go back to daddy little girl this ain't where you belong" 
 She felt demoralized and stupid and all alone 
 And then she screamed in their faces with a visceral tone 
 She said... 
 Stop being a snob with ya music 
 It's made to be heard man, anyone can use it 
 Ya get so damn precious sometimes 
 It's just rhythms and rhymes and melodies in time